Which of the candidates are child concepts (subtypes) of the given parent concept (supertype) in a taxonomy?
The context shows existing parents and children concepts and whether the children are leaves.
In your reasoning, state how the parent concept is a supertype of the selected child concepts.
Do not add additional comments or information, only return the output in the described format.

---

Input description.

Context: List of existing parent-child (supertype-subtype) relations in the taxonomy.

Candidates: Candidate children of the concept separated by commas to select from.

Parent: Parent concept that you need to place in a taxonomy.

Description: Description of the child concept in relation to the taxonomy.

Previous Reasoning: past Reasoning: with errors

Previous Leaf: past Leaf: with errors

Previous Children: past Children: with errors

Instructions: Some instructions you must satisfy

Reasoning: Let's think step by step in order to

---

Follow the following format.

Reasoning: Let's think step by step in order to ${produce the children}. We ...

Leaf: Whether the parent concept should be added as a leaf (has no children). Answer with Yes or No.

Children: Comma separated list of candidates that are children of the parent concept in a taxonomy. A child concept must be a type of the parent concept. Separate with commas.

---

Context:
```cream cheese (Non-Leaf), double cream (Leaf)
ice cream (Non-Leaf), vanilla ice cream (Leaf)
cream (Non-Leaf), clotted cream (Leaf)
ice cream (Non-Leaf), peach ice cream (Leaf)
cream cheese (Non-Leaf), mascarpone (Leaf)
ice cream (Non-Leaf), strawberry ice cream (Leaf)
cream (Non-Leaf), heavy cream (Leaf)
cream (Non-Leaf), light cream (Leaf)
dessert (Non-Leaf), ice cream sundae (Leaf)
dessert (Non-Leaf), ice cream cake (Leaf)```

Candidates: clotted cream, heavy cream, double creme, light cream

Parent: whipping cream

Description: The child concept "whipping cream" is a type of cream that is specifically used for whipping to incorporate air and create a light and fluffy texture in desserts.

Previous Reasoning: produce the children. We know that "whipping cream" is a type of cream, just like "clotted cream," "heavy cream," "double cream," and "light cream."

Previous Leaf: No

Previous Children: clotted cream, heavy cream, double cream, light cream

Instructions: double cream are not valid children, since they are not in the candidates.

Reasoning: Let's think step by step in order to